Update writing-tasks.md (#91)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/guide/writing-tasks.md

CIRRUS_BRANCH | Branch name. For example `my-feature`
CIRRUS_BUILD_ID | Unique build ID
CIRRUS_CHANGE_IN_REPO | Git SHA

> CIRRUS_CHANGE_MESSAGE | Concatenation of the pull-request summary and description at the time the task was originally triggered

Reviewer: For non PR's it will be a commit message though. Maybe change it to something like?

```suggestion
CIRRUS_CHANGE_MESSAGE | Commit message or PR title and description depending on an event which triggered the build
```
